README.md, before:

# About

The JavaScript/TypeScript developer.   
Currently coding with React, Vue, Next.js, Nuxt.js and Electron.

This repository contains libraries that I created and deemed useful during my work.

## Repository Types

### Database, or data storage

#### [klaf](https://github.com/izure1/klaf)

klaf.js is a lightweight JavaScript library offering both a key-value store and document-oriented database with asynchronous operations.

#### [serializable-bptree](https://github.com/izure1/serializable-bptree)

This is a B+tree that's totally okay with duplicate values. If you need to keep track of the B+ tree's state, don't just leave it in memory - make sure you store it down.

#### [cache-entanglement](https://github.com/izure1/cache-entanglement)

Manage caches that are dependent on each other efficiently.

### Enhance flexibility

#### [ryoiki](https://github.com/izure1/ryoiki)

A range-based locking library for JavaScript, enabling concurrent read locks and exclusive write locks with seamless management of overlapping ranges.

#### [hookall](https://github.com/izure1/hookall)

Enhance your program's strength and flexibility by seamlessly hooking into the operation.

#### [undoit](https://github.com/izure1/undoit)

Simple undo, redo system for JavaScript/TypeScript.

Commit message:

Update README with Dataply and cache-entanglement
Added Dataply and reintroduced cache-entanglement sections.

README.md, after:

# About

The JavaScript/TypeScript developer.   
Currently coding with React, Vue, Next.js, Nuxt.js and Electron.

This repository contains libraries that I created and deemed useful during my work.

## Repository Types

### Database, or data storage

#### [klaf](https://github.com/izure1/klaf)

klaf.js is a lightweight JavaScript library offering both a key-value store and document-oriented database with asynchronous operations.

#### [Dataply](https://github.com/izure1/dataply)

A lightweight storage engine for Node.js with support for MVCC, WAL.

#### [serializable-bptree](https://github.com/izure1/serializable-bptree)

This is a B+tree that's totally okay with duplicate values. If you need to keep track of the B+ tree's state, don't just leave it in memory - make sure you store it down.

### Enhance flexibility

#### [ryoiki](https://github.com/izure1/ryoiki)

A range-based locking library for JavaScript, enabling concurrent read locks and exclusive write locks with seamless management of overlapping ranges.

#### [cache-entanglement](https://github.com/izure1/cache-entanglement)

Manage caches that are dependent on each other efficiently.

#### [hookall](https://github.com/izure1/hookall)

Enhance your program's strength and flexibility by seamlessly hooking into the operation.

#### [undoit](https://github.com/izure1/undoit)

Simple undo, redo system for JavaScript/TypeScript.
